update Read me and fix plot bug (#305)
pyansys/pydpf-post: README.md

The Data Processing Framework (DPF) is designed to provide numerical
simulation users/engineers with a toolbox for accessing and
transforming simulation data.

The Python `ansys-dpf-post` package provides a high level, physics oriented API for postprocessing.

> Loading a simulation (defined by its result files) allows to extract simulation metadata as well

Reviewer: Either "allows you to extract simulation...." or "(defined by its result files) extracts simulation metadata....."

Author: Thanks @JennaPaikowsky I'll go with the first option as it's not loading the simulation that extracts but it's something one can after loading the simulation
```suggestion
Loading a simulation (defined by its result files) allows you to extract simulation metadata as well
```

pip install . --user
```

## Brief Demo

> Provided you have ANSYS 2023R1 installed, a DPF server will start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided you have ANSYS 2023 R1 installed, a DPF server will start
```

automatically once you start using pyDPF-Post.
Loading a simulation to extract and post-process results:

```pycon
>>> from ansys.dpf import post
>>> from ansys.dpf.post import examples
>>> simulation = post.load_simulation(examples.download_crankshaft())
>>> displacement = simulation.displacement()
>>> print(displacement)
```
             results         U
              set_id         3
      node      comp          
      4872         X -3.41e-05
                   Y  1.54e-03
                   Z -2.64e-06
      9005         X -5.56e-05
                   Y  1.44e-03
                   Z  5.31e-06
       ...

```pycon
>>> displacement.plot()
```
![Example Displacement plot Crankshaft](https://github.com/pyansys/dpf-post/raw/master/docs/source/images/crankshaft_disp.png)
```pycon
>>> stress_eqv = simulation.stress_eqv_von_mises_nodal()
>>> stress_eqv.plot()
```
![Example Stress plot Crankshaft](https://github.com/pyansys/dpf-post/raw/master/docs/source/images/crankshaft_stress.png)

> To use PyDPF-Post, with Ansys versions starting from 2021R1 to 2022R2, leverage legacy PyDPF-Post 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run PyDPF-Post with Ansys versions starting from 2021 R1 to 2022 R2, use the following legacy PyDPF-Post 
```
